start: faster to value and... (#384)
iterative/cml.dev: content/docs/start/index.md

# Get Started with CML

On every pull request, CML helps you automatically train and evaluate models,

> then generates a visual report with results and metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and make reports from results, plots and metrics.
```

![](/img/cml_neural_transfer.png) _Report for a [neural style transfer model]._

**Pick one of the supported platforms to continue: [GitHub](/doc/start/github) /
[GitLab](/doc/start/github) / [Bitbucket](/doc/start/github)**

<admon type="tip">

Check out our [YouTube video series] for hands-on MLOps tutorials using CML!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BgIDqAzfuA&list=PL7WG7YrwYcnDBDuCkFbcyjnZQrdskFsBz&index=1&ab_channel=DVCorg

[youtube video series]:
  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7WG7YrwYcnDBDuCkFbcyjnZQrdskFsBz

</admon>

_Need help? Just want to chat about continuous integration for ML?

> [Visit our Discord channel!](https://cml.dev/chat)_

Reviewer: probably also admon?

Author: ```suggestion
<ad,on type="info">

_Need help? Just want to chat about continuous integration for ML?
[Visit our Discord channel!](https://cml.dev/chat)_

</admon>
```

# Get Started with CML

> On every pull request, CML helps you automatically train and evaluate models,
> and make reports from results, plots and metrics.

Author: ```suggestion
On every pull request, CML helps you automatically train and evaluate machine
learning models, and make reports from results, plots and metrics.
```

![](/img/cml_neural_transfer.png) _Report for a [neural style transfer model]._

**Pick one of the supported platforms to continue: [GitHub](/doc/start/github) /
[GitLab](/doc/start/github) / [Bitbucket](/doc/start/github)**

> 

Author: Should we move this near the top instead? (before the CML report image)

> [GitLab](/doc/start/github) / [Bitbucket](/doc/start/github)**

Author: Made the index very brief and clarified what CML does concretely along the way.

> Still don't love that you have to scroll a bit (after the image) to find links to each Git hosting platform but I'm not sure how to do that better.

<admon type="tip">

Check out our [YouTube video series] for hands-on MLOps tutorials using CML!

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BgIDqAzfuA&list=PL7WG7YrwYcnDBDuCkFbcyjnZQrdskFsBz&index=1&ab_channel=DVCorg

[youtube video series]:
  https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL7WG7YrwYcnDBDuCkFbcyjnZQrdskFsBz

</admon>

> <ad,on type="info">

Author: Oops

```suggestion
<admon type="info">
```
